with you again with the data dear friends
here we wash here Dasha we
already started telling teens about
how to care for your face so as not to
there were acne our today's program
will be devoted to black dots on the face
so-called comedones yes it is not
referring to our today's expert
Professor of Doctor of Medical Sciences
very famous dermatologist
nikolay georgich and kochergin so
dashenka we have washed and now we
let's start fighting blacks. you before
than begin let's show how they
look and tell us what are you
black dots on the face
the bottle is the initial phase
the formation of acne in general
It happens on the background of the keeper active
young age of the sebaceous glands
give it to us give us beautiful even mine
mother is beautiful but even from the first
look and can not be changed
see these stone if we use
very sensitive modern appliances
how is this dermatoscope then on can
basically this thing
see and so here they are black dots so
called comedones are the same
acne
the reasons for their education is
increased fat production
clog the ducts of the sebaceous glands
a cork is formed to the game and on the face
try black. and now with these
dots need to fight like what we want
reach just excuse them home
aim to try to remove
so that Gusova got access to the exit
out
let us have dashi as you think
Dasha how old first
tell me beautiful child you when they
have not yet tried to extrude Poland
on the face but i think it is what it needs
you need yes actually this is not the store
since this is actually the hand let's say
even what is it you do regret neither
under what circumstances do we want children
our show again we have it in each
show acne program why
do not squeeze your acne children and
teens be careful not to do
to this
take up the times have passed most of
sebum really comes out
out but the other part along with
microbes continues babu internal
skin layers there too, inflammation begins
on the face will appear more and more new pimples
will get rid of black dots and
acne is better with a special mask
what is this mask makes this special
line implant demand so-called
triactiv
complex which contains components so
necessary for therapeutic effects on
skin like this is such a mask for
deep here just has
anti-mosquito action and so
look mask covers skin tight
by layer
how would she dry kaya internal
surfaces stick
and acne and greasy black plugs
Now Moscow is enough to wash off the usual
water and your face cleanse
pay attention to the whole line of cosmetics not
trespass
you can only find online pharmacies 36.6
the mask washed him again dermatoscope them
let's see what happens there and it looks like
the number of comedones is nothing like this
gazelles the end of it and ours was good
environmentalists archives thank you very much at a party
we had a very famous doctor
dermatologist professor nikolay girs
kochergin but our program continues
and